---
layout: post
title: Getting back old posts from Wordpress
tags: wordpress, backup, xml
---

Getting back old posts from Wordpress
----------------------
I had a previous version of this blog hosted on Wordpress, on a different server. When I moved away from that server, I also wanted to move away from the bulky Wordpress (and php :wink:). But I had backups of old posts in an XML generated by Wordpress, which (for sentimental reasons!) I want to restore.

I have seen sample Wordpress XML backups - they were very verbose, and all it needed was converting into JSON and a bit of pruning. The process seemed easy, I might not have the pictures - but just having the posts was enough - until I hit the most difficult part of it: getting the backups! 

The backups I realized later, were on my older laptop which is on the verge of breaking down - the display and the HDD both work intermittently before shutting down for days together. I was lucky to find it well rested, it responded well enough - I had read-only access to the HDD on an emergency console in Arch Linux. The system was slow and there were constant 'Buffer I/O Error's which were fixed by a oooh-shut-up: `echo 0 0 0 0 /proc/sys/kernel/printk` :grin: Mounted the external disk and got working on copying at a snail's pace. 3 Hours of work, and along with the XML backup, I found a full backup of my old server which I now remember using the CPanel for this. Brilliant! I got the pictures too!

Now the next step is to use xml2js and output all the posts as a json, query on the required posts in mongo and output as .md files, after which they go back to mongo :arrows_clockwise: